Update documentation (#401)
mozmeao/www-config: docs/index.md

1. Clone the `mozmeao/www-config` repo.
2. Fork the repo into your Github account.

> 3. Edit the `waffle_configs/bedrock-stage.env` file to add the name and value you need. You'd add a line like `SWITCH_WE_DO_PHRASING=on` to set that key and value in the settings database for prod. Or you can find the line that already has the variable you need and change the value if it already exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Edit the `waffle_configs/bedrock-stage.env` file to add the name and value you need. You'd add a line like `SWITCH_WE_DO_PHRASING=on` to set that key and value in the settings database for the stage environment. Or you can find the line that already has the variable you need and change the value if it already exists.
```

4.  (**Optional**) If you'd like to test the switch on the staging environment prior to pushing to production, create a pull-request, request review, merge the ticket, and visit the environment at https://www.allizom.org/.

> 5. Edit the `waffle_configs/bedrock-prod.env` file to add the switch you added to the previous file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Edit the `waffle_configs/bedrock-prod.env` file to make the same changes for production that you just made for stage.
```

5. Push the change to a branch on your fork.
6. Submit a pull-request against the `mozmeao/www-config` repo.
7. Ask for a review in the `#www` IRC channel or in the PR itself.

> 8. Once the PR is reviewed and merged, it will automatically roll out to our production instances at https://www.allizom.org/ in 5 to 10 minutes.

Reviewer: www.allizom.org is the _stage_ site, not production

9. If your changes are viewed on the production, add the switch to `waffle_configs/bedrock-stage.env`.

> 10. Follow steps 4-7.

Reviewer: We really only need to repeat steps if/when we want to update stage and prod separately, but often we do them both at the same time. So it could be misleading to imply we always repeat steps and do multiple pull requests. It might be more direct to say these are the steps for each environment.
